feat: add Android Authenticator docs (#3705)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/[platform]/connected-components/authenticator/customization/sign-up-fields.android.mdx

## Sign Up Field Order

> The authenticator allows a custom order of sign up fields on the Sign Up page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Authenticator allows a custom order of sign up fields on the Sign Up page.
```

> Order is determined by a `signUpForm` `@Compose` block that is passed into the Authenticator state.

Reviewer 2: Remove `@Compose` here.

In the example below the order will be set as `email`, `username`, `password` and finally `confirm_password`.

```kotlin
val state = rememberAuthenticatorState(
    signUpForm = {
        email()
        username()
        password()
        confirmPassword()
    }
)
```

## Form Field Customization

The Authenticator allows for customization of multiple aspects of the form fields.

> The sections below will describe several use cases, on how to modify these fields.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The sections below will describe several use cases and how to modify the appropriate fields.
```

> The Authenticator allows for customization of multiple aspects of the form fields.
> The sections below will describe several use cases and how to modify the appropriate fields.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The Authenticator allows for customization of multiple aspects of the form fields. The sections below will describe several use cases and how to modify the appropriate fields.
```

or put newline between the two sentences

### Updating labels, hints, setting required and adding validators

The following example customizes the Sign Up page by:

- Making the profile field optional.
- Customizing the website field (by adding a `text()` field and giving it the `key` `FieldKey.Website`):
  - Adding a custom label.
  - Adding a custom hint.
  - Adding a custom validator.
- Adding a custom bio text field.
- Adding a custom terms of service checkbox.

**Note:** On the sign in page the input name is always `username`, regardless of the login mechanism type.

```kotlin
val state = rememberAuthenticatorState(
    signUpForm = {
        username()
        password()
        confirmPassword()
        email()

        profile(required = false)

        text(
            key = FieldKey.Website,
            label = "Website",
            hint = "Put your website here",
            required = true,
            validator = {
                if (!content.contains("example.com")) {

>                     FieldError.Custom("`Your website must be have a domain of example.com")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    FieldError.Custom("Your website must have a domain of example.com")
```
